Barcelona talisman Neymar looks even less likely to head for the club's exit door this summer after seeing his buyout clause increase to €222 million (£193 million). Meanwhile, Arsenal's Hector Bellerin reportedly "could be tempted" back to Barca if they sign Jorge Mere.

Spanish newspaper Marca confirmed Saturday was the day specified in the contract Neymar signed in October that his buyout clause would bump up from €200 million (£173 million) to the eye-watering aforementioned fee, a figure arguably no club can afford.

Paul Pogba re-signed for Manchester United for £89.3 million last summer, breaking the transfer record, and Neymar's new termination clause is more than twice that sum.

Barcelona are coming off the back of a season in which their only major trophy success came in the Copa del Rey, but despite that disappointment, Yahoo's Andrew Gaffney illustrated just how unlikely it is Neymar moves anywhere:

Andrew Gaffney
@GaffneyVLC
@monkey_sponge @SamMcGuire90 @RyanBaldiFW 0% chance Neymar leaves.

20/06/2017, 17:54:39
What's more, it's detailed Neymar's buyout clause will increase once again to €250 million (£217 million) on July 1, 2018, the valuation at which it will remain for the final three years of his contract.

Numerous European powerhouses would surely compete for Neymar's signature in the event he became available, per James Robson of the Manchester Evening News:

James Robson
@JamesRobsonMEN
But it goes without saying that they would have to act if Ronaldo, Bale, Neymar or Muller became available

20/06/2017, 08:17:58
The Sun's Andrew Richardson recently reported Manchester United were a leading suitor for the Brazil superstar, who looks set to continue his reign at the Camp Nou for the foreseeable future.

Elsewhere, Spanish outlet Diario Gol (h/t the Daily Star's Jamie Styles) reported Barcelona will sign Sporting Gijon defender Mere, which could aid the club in its attempts to lure Bellerin back to his native Catalonia.

The 20-year-old has a £13 million release clause, and it's suggested Arsenal star Bellerin will be "more likely to make the move back" to the Camp Nou if his friend and Spain under-21 team-mate is already there.

Bellerin has been engulfed by rumours of a return to Barcelona this summer, six years after he left the Blaugrana to join the Gunners. James Benge of the London Evening Standard on Saturday provided quotes from the right-back:

James Benge
@jamesbenge
Bellerin relaxed on Arsenal future: "I have a contract over there. "Now's time to enjoy myself... then we'll see each other next season.""

30/06/2017, 18:19:04
New Barca manager Ernesto Valverde may seek reinforcements in defence once Jeremy Mathieu departs, which O Jogo reported will happen upon the Frenchman's return to Europe from team-mate Lionel Messi's wedding (h/t Sport). And investing in a youthful prospect like Mere could have a double advantage if it helps lure Bellerin.

That being said, Bellerin's decision is likely to weigh on far more than whether one of his friends is at the club, not to mention Barcelona's task of convincing Arsenal to cash in on their prized asset.
