Paris Saint-Germain are growing confident of sealing a sensational swoop for Neymar in a world-record £196million deal.
The French club are willing to trigger the Barcelona and Brazil star's release clause of €222m (£196m), pay a signing on fee of £45m and offer a five-year deal worth £596,000 a week after tax.
Barcelona are adamant Neymar is staying but sources say Neymar is minded to pursue a move to Paris.
Neymar could be set for an astonishing world-record £196million move to Paris Saint-Germain	+6
Neymar could be set for an astonishing world-record £196million move to Paris Saint-Germain
The Barcelona superstar has been struck by the vision for PSG's future - and his role in it	+6
The Barcelona superstar has been struck by the vision for PSG's future - and his role in it
Though the financial side of the deal is obvious tempting, money would not be the sole motivation. Sources close to the deal say Neymar was struck by the vision for PSG's future — and his perceived role in it — presented during initial talks.
PSG believe they have the infrastructure to become the dominant force in European football and provide Neymar with the platform to overtake Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo to become the world's best player.


Barcelona stars jet to New York to kick-off their pre-season...

Barcelona star Neymar could leave if PSG meet his £195m...

Manchester United and Chelsea pulled out of Neymar chase...

Neymar accepts offer from Paris Saint-Germain as they...

The fact PSG have a strong Brazilian contingent — Thiago Silva, Dani Alves, Marquinhos and Lucas Moura — is also understood to have been considered by Neymar.
Further talks between the club and Neymar's father, who advises his son, are scheduled to take place over the next 24 hours.
Dani Alves and Neymar swap the football for a volleyball

PSG have a strong Brazilian contingent, with Neymar's friend Dani Alves recently arriving	+6
PSG have a strong Brazilian contingent, with Neymar's friend Dani Alves recently arriving
PSG chairman Nasser al-Khelaifi is growing increasingly hopeful that his dream will be a reality	+6
PSG chairman Nasser al-Khelaifi is growing increasingly hopeful that his dream will be a reality

Although the wheels are in motion, club officials in Paris remain cautious. They believed they were on the cusp of landing Neymar last summer only for the Brazilian to change his mind at the last minute and sign a new deal at the Nou Camp.
But, for now, PSG chairman Nasser al-Khelaifi is growing increasingly hopeful that his dream is set to become a reality.
Neymar's exit would be a huge blow to Barcelona but the eye-watering fee would allow them to proceed with a move for Monaco wonderkid Kylian Mbappe.
Barca also have a long standing interest in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti and the Spanish club could explore including the Italy international as part of any Neymar transfer.
