
Barcelona transfer saga has wrecked Lionel Messi and Neymar relationship - reports
LIONEL MESSI and Neymar’s relationship is seriously strained at Barcelona, reports in Spain claim.

	
	
	
	
	
0
By Alex Wood / Published 24th July 2017
Neymar's ABSOLUTE SILENCE after talks on PSG transfer
Play
Mute
Current Time 0:00
/
Duration Time 0:46
Loaded: 0%Progress: 0%
 
Fullscreen
Facebook
Twitter
Share
Neymar had been trying to convince Ernesto Valverde to sign Paulinho from Chinese outfit Guangzhou Evergrande.

The Brazil superstar is close pals with the Tottenham flop who moved to the Far East following an underwhelming two-year stay in North London.

However, Messi was far from impressed about Paulinho's potential arrival.

And, according to Spanish news outlet Don Balon, the whole episode has driven a wedge between the team-mates.

It’s suggested Messi doesn’t believe Paulinho is of the requisite standard.

And the Argentine ace reportedly believes the whole episode has made the club look amateurish.

Lionel MessiGETTY
Barcelona star Lionel Messi is fuming with Neymar
Every Barcelona player’s release clause fee
 
BARCELONA have some extremely valuable assets in their squad.
1 / 22 
Neymar - €222mGETTY
Neymar - €222m
Neymar - €222m Ivan Rakitic - €125m Lionel Messi - €300m Javier Mascherano - €100m Rafinha - €75m Aleix Vidal - €60m Gerard Deulofeu - €35m
“Barcelona star Lionel Messi is fuming with Neymar”
Don Balon also say Messi didn’t appreciate Neymar muscling in on transfer matters.

Barca have had a tough summer in the transfer market.

The Catalans have only snapped up Gerard Deulofeu from Everton for around £10m and Nelson Semedo for £30m from Benfica.

A look at new Barcelona manager Ernesto Valverde
Brazilian maestro Neymar enjoys dominant season for Barcelona
Luis Suarez scores magnificent bicycle kick for Barcelona
Arsenal right-back Hector Bellerin and Paris St-Germain midfielder Marco Verratti were top targets.

But the La Liga giants have been unable to sign either player.

Barca had a disappointing campaign last season.

They secured the Copa del Rey but their arch-rivals, Real Madrid, won the Champions League and La Liga title.