THE Spanish football league are aiming to derail PSG's move for Neymar, but the French club are still preparing how them will unveil the 25-year-old.

Plus, reports have emerged that Barcelona could target Antoine Griezmann or Paulo Dybala to replace the Brazilian.

Catch up on the latest Neymar transfer rumours!



SPANISH LIGA TO FILE PSG COMPLAINT OVER NEYMAR

Spain's football league chief Javier Tebas said he will file a complaint with UEFA for financial fair play (FFP) breaches against Paris Saint-Germain over their pursuit of Brazilian superstar Neymar.

PSG are rumoured to be weighing up a bid for the Barcelona forward at more than 200 million euros, enough to trigger the 25-year-old's transfer release clause.

"La Liga will file this complaint because it's a problem for La Liga's competitiveness. Today it's happened to Barca, tomorrow it could happen to Real Madrid, it's happened to Atletico Madrid," Tebas, the La Liga chairman, told Mundo Deportivo.


Should PSG bid, and then pay, the 222 million euros needed to prise Neymar from the Catalan capital, they would struggle to meet UEFA's financial fair play conditions that limit a team to losses of no more than 30 million euros over a three-year cycle.

And that is despite a mega-money sponsorship deal with the Qatar tourism board.

According to Tebas, "no-one believes" the commercial revenue figures presented by PSG to justify their spending.


"PSG cannot have figures in which PSG's commercial rights exceed those of Real Madrid and Barcelona," said Tebas.

"No-one believes that. We've carried out economic studies and it's impossible.

"It means that the Qatari state is injecting money and that violates UEFA's financial fair play rules and the European Union's norms of economic competition, and we're going to file a complaint."

But according to ESPN, PSG believe they can stay within FFP limits by offering Neymar a five-year deal with the option of a sixth season, which would reportedly lessen PSG's financial commitment under FFP rules.

Les Parisiens still believe PSG could seal their move in the coming days, but The Times reported Neymar's father (and agent) asked to delay formal negotiations over a deal until after July 31 (UK time).

That's because Neymar's father reportedly will earn a £23.3m commission after the 25-year-old signed a new Barca contract last October.

PSG HAVE TO PAY RELEASE CLAUSE

PSG may encounter issues paying the mega-money fee for Neymar, and Barca president Josep Bartomeu said the Brazilian won't leave the club unless his release clause is paid.

He told ESPN: "They have to pay the clause, down to the last peseta. We want Neymar to stay but the clauses are there. If he wants to go, they can pay it and he goes."

Bartomeu is also aware PSG could be "punished" for breaking financial fair play rules.

He added: "UEFA has Fair Play controls and if any club exceeds them, they will be punished."

But the French club are so confident of landing Neymar that they've begun planning how they will unveil their new signing, according to ESPN FC.

PSG are considering a public presentation in Paris, an event at the club's home stadium (Parc des Princes), and a public event similar to Zlatan Ibrahimovic's unveiling in front of the Eiffel Tower in 2012.

However, another reported plan could be for PSG's Qatari owners unveil him in Doha after a medical at the ASPETAR facility.

NEYMAR'S 15-MINUTE REAL MADRID CHANGING ROOM VISIT

Neymar further fuelled speculation that he's about to leave after spending 15 minutes in Real Madrid's dressing room after Barca's 3-2 victory in Miami.

The Brazilian emerged from Los Blancos' dressing room with Sergio Ramos and Casemiro's shirts after saying "goodbye" to his Real rivals ahead of a PSG transfer, according to Marca.

However, Madrid captain Ramos refused to buy into the speculation.

"I do not know, everyone is free to choose their future," Ramos told Goal.

He added: "I hope [he leaves]. It would be less of a problem for us."


Spanish outlet Don Balon is also reporting that Lionel Messi had an emotional farewell with Neymar after the amtch.

However, Barca coach Ernesto Valverde is still making plans that involve Neymar at the Nou Camp.

He said: "I always try to talk about things that happen rather than things that might happen. We are going to wait."

"From my perspective, we have Neymar in our team, we count on him and we have to see.

"I don't want to speculate about Neymar. I see him in the same place I have seen him recently - on the pitch with us.'"

But Neymar's Brazil teammate and new PSG player Dani Alves would love to see him join the French giant.

"I hope it will happen. I've got nothing to do with his decision, it's a very important decision for him," said Alves, after scoring in PSG's French Super Cup victory over Monaco in Tangiers on Saturday.

"Men have to make these kind of decisions. I hope he'll join us, he's one of my best friends and I always want my friends to be close by.

"I can't interfere in his decision. It's his decision to make but we'll welcome him with open arms if he comes."

He added: "I helped him once, I helped him come to Barcelona. I didn't make the decision for him, but I simply told him what there was at Barca, and he decided to go there."

"Decisions are for the courageous. I'm the most courageous: I decided to quit Barca, to quit Juve; I always make my decisions.

"He has to decide for his maturity and his ideas about continuing to improve."

GRIEZMANN OR DYBALA TO REPLACE NEYMAR

If Neymar does leave Barca, then Antoine Griezmann and Paulo Dybala will be lined up to replace the 25-year-old, according to Sport.

Griezmann, who's reportedly valued at £178m ($293m), was linked with a Manchester United transfer, but signed a new deal with Atletico after their transfer ban was upheld until January 2018.

Dybala, who's valued at £107m ($176m) by the report, has also been linked with Barca, but Juventus reportedly don't want to let the Argentine superstar leave.

Express added that once the deal for Neymar is complete, PSG will make a £35m bid to capture Alexis Sanchez from Arsenal.

Philippe Coutinho, Angel Di Maria, Eden Hazard and Dele Alli have all also been linked as potential Neymar replacements.

According to Don Balon, Lionel Messi has given Barca his approval to sign Dybala or Coutinho.

However, any move would depend on Neymar completing a move to PSG without UEFA determining PSG have broken FFP rules.

Sport front cover | "Operation Post-Neymar"

• Griezmann or Dybala? pic.twitter.com/zVkv7sFTgS

— Catalan Edition (@CatalanEdition) July 30, 2017