TANGIER, Morocco -- Paris Saint-Germain right-back Dani Alves has hit out at suggestions that he is trying to sway Neymar's decision over his future in favour of the Ligue 1 club.

Alves, 34, is known to be a close friend of the Barcelona star but the PSG summer arrival took exception to claims from Spanish outlet Onda Cero on Twitter and denied that he is leading his club's charm offensive for the Brazil international.

"Lies," Alves responded to an Onda Cero tweet that mentioned him by name and suggested that he and Lionel Messi are involved in a tug of war over Neymar's future. "I am not trying to convince anybody of anything. When I speak with him, we talk about everything but football. If he is happy, I am happy."

Alves is currently in Tangier, Morocco, preparing for Saturday's Trophee des Champions clash with Monaco, while Neymar is still in the United States as Barca wind down their International Champions Cup campaign.

Mentira, no tengo que convencer a nadie de nada... cuando hablo con el, hablo de todo menos de futbol. "Soy feliz si el lo es" https://t.co/jdSdz6bxXg

— Daniel Alves (@DaniAlvesD2) July 27, 2017
One Instagram post from Alves last week in particular attracted a lot of attention, with many believing he was appearing to be advising Neymar on what to do.

"What do you want to be? Where do you want to go? Where do you want to do it?" the post read. "Everything depends on you, so never forget where you came from and who was by your side when you were somebody that the world did not know yet!" 


A source told ESPN FC last weekend that Neymar and his father have agreed a contract with PSG and it is up to the club to find a way to complete the move without falling foul of financial fair play rules.

Barca's Gerard Pique has since publicly acknowledged PSG's contractual agreement with his teammate and said in a news conference earlier this week that his "se queda" ("he stays") tweet was intuition rather than fact.

Meanwhile, ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti understands that PSG are close to having the funds in place to make their move for Neymar.


