One can be forgiven for thinking the football world has been turned on its head over the past month.

For the second time in a matter of weeks, Paris Saint-Germain have made an earth-shattering deal. Backed by Qatari ownership, the French club inked a one-year loan for 18-year-old forward Kylian Mbappé with a reported transfer fee of $216 million set for next summer.
In any other transfer window, Mbappé's deal would steal all the headlines. Yet it falls short of future strike partner Neymar's fee of $260 million, part of a reported total package of nearly half a billion dollars signed by the Brazilian last month.
Although both figures dwarf Manchester United's $105 million record signing of Paul Pogba set just last year, there is more than just inflation in play, say analysts.
"For Qatar, capturing Neymar realizes the dream when it bought (PSG) in 2011," says James Montague, author of "The Billionaires Club: The Unstoppable Rise of Football's Super-rich Owners."
Read More
"Namely, to be at the very top table of European soccer, signing top players in their prime and appearing to be just as an attractive option as Barcelona and Real Madrid.
"This adds to the power of PSG's brand, which ultimately helps to promote Qatar internationally," he adds.

The concept of soft power, which the British Council defines as "a country's ability to make friends and influence people not through military might, but through its most attractive assets, notably culture," has been a part of international sports since the dawn of the modern Olympics.
But its rise in club football came to prominence once the rulers of Abu Dhabi purchased Manchester City in 2008, in part as a game of "one upmanship in the intense competition" with Dubai, its prospering neighboring emirate, Montague highlights in his book.
"When you have states buying football clubs," he says -- noting the blurred line between state funds and private wealth in the region -- "their interest is to burnish their reputations. This is a soft power issue. This is a political issue."

Dubai, it should be noted, made a splash back in 2004 by placing the name of its state carrier, Emirates Airlines, on Arsenal's new stadium in a reported deal of approximately $160 million that included jersey sponsorship.
Not to be outdone, Abu Dhabi branded Manchester City with its carrier, Etihad, in a reported $640 million deal in 2011.
Meanwhile Qatar, via its national carrier and the charitable Qatar Foundation, inked its own sponsorship deals with Barcelona. Then in 2011 it purchased a controlling interest in the French capital's marquee club.
PSG was asked to comment on the influence of its transfer policy by owners Oryx Qatar Sports Investments, but did not respond to CNN.
"Football is unquestioned in its international reach and adulation," says Montague, "so if you want to project an image of yourself on an international stage, there is no greater vehicle than a suitable football club.
"Owning a football club, sponsoring a stadium, having your name on a shirt, being seen in over 200 countries around the world, week in, week out, without any kind of negative connotations feeding into people's homes: That is an incredibly powerful tool to mold an image on an international stage."

Montague, for one, seems less concerned with declining TV ratings.
"There are still huge opportunities when it comes to other forms of watching (football)," he says. "Remember, although people are cutting chords, they are still watching. They are just watching it in different ways.
"You're going to see new players in the market," he says, noting Twitter's involvement in streaming live sports.