
Dele Alli to Barcelona: Lionel Messi and Neymar desperate for Tottenham transfer deal

BARCELONA stars Lionel Messi and Neymar want the club to sign Dele Alli from Tottenham this summer, according to sensational reports in Spain.

	
	
	
Barcelona are keen to rebuild after a poor La Liga campaign last term, where they finished second behind Real Madrid.

The Catalan giants have so far endured a frustrating transfer window, with top targets yet to be secured.

They initially wanted Liverpool playmaker Philippe Coutinho, with Neymar reportedly encouraging the club move for his compatriot.

And they are also keen on Paris Saint-Germain's Marco Verratti, though the Italy international has since played down talk linking him with a move away from Ligue 1. 

However, Spanish outlet Diario Gol claim Neymar and Messi both agree Alli should be signed at all costs. 

	

The 22-year-old played a starring role for Tottenham last season, scoring 22 goals from 50 games as the club finished second behind Chelsea in the Premier League table. 

Barcelona are in need of fresh legs in the middle of the park with the likes of Andres Iniesta and Sergio Busquets showing signs of waning. 

It is said both players - as well as other dressing room influences - think Alli would be a Nou Camp hit. 

The La Liga giants' cause is helped by comments made by the player in May, where he refused to rule out a move away from White Hart Lane.  

"It's important you enjoy the journey, whether I end up at Tottenham for the next 15 years and retire here [or leave]," he said. 

"I think it's important for me not to get too carried away by what will happen in the future. 

"The way football is, anything can happen at any time. I will enjoy my time here now; who knows what will happen in the future."

The report also adds that Messi has been left angry by their pursuit of Tottenham flop Paulinho.

The Brazil international has spent the last three years in the Far East with Guangzhou Evergrande Taobao F.C, where he has scored a modest 27 goals from 90 games.

But Messi feels better is needed if Barcelona are to challenge Real Madrid for silverware next season. 

The La Liga giants' cause is helped by comments made by Alli last month, where he refused to rule out a move away from White Hart Lane.  