o here we are then. After a few false starts, a transfer window that always promised to end up looking like the title screen of Duck Tales might just be hitting top gear.

According to Esporte Interativo in Brazil – no cowboy rumour mill, in case you were wondering – Paris Saint-Germain are edging closer to a blockbuster signing that would make the summer's other transfers look like sticker swaps, and place the cat very firmly among the pigeons.

The player: Barcelona superstar Neymar . The price: €222million. Jaws: currently getting acquainted with the pavement. It's a transfer that would take the breath away, not just because of the financial largesse involved but because of what it would mean for all parties involved.

For Barcelona, it certainly would not be a great look, and not only because losing one of the best players in the world always registers as a disaster. Neymar was acquired at huge expense – both monetary and, you might think, moral – and has long been groomed as the club's future talisman. He was among the only Blaugrana players to emerge from last season with any credit and, at 25, is just coming into his prime.



Neymar's close friend Dani Alves joined PSG this summer (Image: THOMAS SAMSON/AFP/Getty Images)
The €222million buyout clause was intended to be prohibitive to potential buyers, not least in this era of Financial Fair Play. But Nasser Al-Khelaifi, perhaps piqued by Barça's pursuit of Marco Verratti over the last few months, appears able and very, very willing to pay. The man who would be king may no longer be around to take the mantle when Lionel Messi steps aside.

For PSG, it would be a coup of the highest order and a clear statement that their quest for success in the Champions League will be delayed but not stumped.

They have laid out hundreds of millions of Euros in transfer fees since Qatar Sports Investments arrived at the club in 2012, yet while you could make a case for Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Edinson Cavani, Angel Di Maria, Thiago Silva and perhaps a couple of others being world class at time of arrival in Paris, Neymar is on another level entirely. There is the talent, sure, but also his age (Ibrahimovic, by contrast, arrived in Paris at 30), his potential to improve further and, yes, his star power.




Les Parisiens would be buying Neymar the player, but also Neymar the brand. It is a mildly depressing facet of the modern game, but it goes some way to explaining why a fee in excess of €200million may be considered good value. Cast an eye over the fees paid for Romelu Lukaku and Alexandre Lacazette. Go back further and think about Gareth Bale. Fantastic players, one and all, but none has the global reach of Neymar. PSG would be hitching their wagon to one of the most bankable names in all of sport.

If the proposed move could be considered a gamble for anyone, it is Neymar. Not because Ligue 1 would present any great challenge for him – you imagine he might just be able to cut it against Amiens and Angers, even on those wet, windy French nights – or because he'd have any great difficulties bedding into into PSG's Brazilian enclave, but for two more nebulous reasons.

Firstly, there's a chance that the switch, if it goes through, would disrupt his serene progress 12 months before the biggest tournament of his career. Russia 2018 represents Neymar's best chance to win the World Cup: he will be at the perfect age, has a team set up around him and has come to terms with his role as leader. Everything is set up perfectly for him to pilot Brazil's mission to make up for their 2014 nightmare.


Neymar during his holiday before pre-season (Image: Splash News)

Neymar pictured on his boat in Ibiza (Image: Splash News)

Neymar on a yacht with friends (Image: Splash News)